Undirected aggregation and connection (#867)
neo4j/graphql: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/queries.adoc

    }
}
----

> === Aggregate undirected relationships
> When performing an aggregation on related nodes, the relationship
> can be defined as an xref::queries.adoc#_undirected_queries[undirected relationship] using the argument `directed: false`:

Reviewer: **suggestion:** We should be careful about phrasing in relation to this - this makes it sound like the relationship has no direction when in fact we are only querying it disregarding its direction. Perhaps the following?

```suggestion
=== Undirected aggregation queries

When performing an aggregation on related nodes, the query against the relationship
can be defined as an xref::queries.adoc#_undirected_queries[undirected] using the argument `directed: false`:
```
